[DTM] - User experience improved for complex property ordering (#1961)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1020-1-4-ui-improvement-for-ordering-of-complex-properties.md

---
date:
title: UI improvement for ordering of complex properties
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:

>   - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4

Reviewer: Please check if this is the right identifier for Improvement change type

>     label: Fix

Reviewer: For this to be visible in CD change log, please change this to Improvement

Author: Modified

component:
  - value: component-Tl88RYb4A
    label: Digital Twin Manager
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wYIY0MBDO
    label: dtm
ticket: CTM-953
version: 1020.1.4
---

> Users can arrange the properties in the required order by dragging and dropping them.

Reviewer 2: Please provide a bit more context. Where exactly?

Author: Modified

> Users can now order the complex property keys by dragging and dropping them using the drag icon which appears on hover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can now order the complex property keys by dragging and dropping them using the drag icon which appears on hovering over the row.
```
